Update SUPPORT.md - Social Platform added (#1055)
heptio/ark: SUPPORT.md

# Ark Support

> Thanks for trying out Ark! We welcome all feedback, please consider joining our mailing list and Social Platforms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks for trying out Heptio Ark! We welcome all feedback. Here are the ways to get in touch with the Ark team:
```

Reviewer: Then add all the items listed here: https://github.com/heptio/ark-community/blob/master/meetings/2018/design-session/0927/README.md#heptio-ark-community

No need to separate them by categories, they should be self-explanatory.

Thanks for trying out Ark! We welcome all feedback, please consider joining our mailing list: 

- [Mailing List](http://j.hept.io/ark-list)

# Ark Social
 Thanks for trying out Ark! We welcome all to our Social Platforms: 
- [Slack Channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/ark-dr)

> - [Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/heptio-ark)

Reviewer 2: This is identical to the Mailing List above (j.hept.io/ark-list resolves to the google group)

Author: The mailing list is same. But I've added Slack Channel link, Google Group link and Twitter link

Author: @nrb  #1017  was done by me as part of digitalocean hacktoberfest but it was made on release-0.9 branch . and I got a mail saying that if I'm still interested in getting this merged, it should be made against the master branch. So that I done the same in the master branch.

Reviewer 3: @midhunbiju let's drop L10 since it's a duplicate of L5, then I think we can merge this.  Please amend the existing commit so there's only a single commit in the PR.

Author: @skriss  how can I amend the existing commit ? I don't know how to do that. 
can you please help me to do that ?

Reviewer 3: Once you make the change, do `git add SUPPORT.md && git commit --amend`, then `git push -f` to force-push it.

Reviewer 4: @midhunbiju The sample provided would be from the command line using the `git` executable. Are you using `git` directly, or are using git integration with an editor?
